Replacing the SEPA legacy constant identifier (#4802)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 10.2.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Dev - Replacing the constant reference for the SEPA payment method in the legacy checkout

Reviewer: Nit: I think we can simplify this description a little bit.
```suggestion
* Dev - Replace the constant reference for the legacy SEPA payment method
```
